TRIA's Terms and Conditions of Sale The sale of products and services
(“Products”) by Avnet Embedded GmbH and Avnet Embedded (Freiburg) GmbH and Avnet
Embedded (Malta) Ltd. (“TRIA”) to a customer (“Customer”) are subject to these
terms and conditions (“Agreement”) regardless of other terms or conditions in
any purchase order, document, or other communication of Customer (“Order”). TRIA
objects to such other terms. This Agreement may only be modified in writing
signed by authorized representatives of both TRIA and Customer.

1. ORDERS. Unless otherwise stated on the quote, TRIA quotes are invitations to
tender and are subject to change at any time without notice. All Orders are
subject to acceptance by TRIA. Contracts between Customer and TRIA are formed
upon TRIA's written acceptance, Electronic Data Interchange (“EDI”)
acknowledgment or execution of Customer's Order and are subject to this
Agreement. All Orders for Products that TRIA identifies as non-standard or
“NCNR” are non-cancelable and non-returnable. TRIA may identify Products as
non-standard or “NCNR” by various means including quotes, Products lists,
attachments or exhibits. Customer may not change, cancel or reschedule Orders
for Products without TRIA's consent. TRIA reserves the right to allocate the
sale of Products among its customers.

2. PRICES. Unless otherwise stated on TRIA's proposal, quote or invoice, prices
are for Products only and do not include taxes, freight, duties, tariffs or any
other charges or fees for additional services (collectively, “Additional Fees”).
Unless otherwise stated on TRIA's proposal, quote or invoice, Customer is
responsible for any and all Additional Fees. Prices are subject to change due to
manufacturers' price increase, change in exchange rate or quoting errors.

3. TERMS OF PAYMENT. Payment is due as stated on TRIA's invoice without offset
or any deduction for withholding taxes or any other reason. On any past due
invoice, TRIA may charge interest from the payment due date to the date of
payment at eighteen percent (18) percent per annum or the maximum amount allowed
by applicable law, plus reasonable attorneys' fees and collection costs, with a
minimum fee of forty (40) Euros for sales in the European Union as required by
the applicable law. At any time, TRIA may change the terms of Customer's credit.
TRIA may apply payments to any of Customer's accounts. If Customer defaults on
any payment, TRIA may reschedule or cancel any outstanding delivery or Order and
declare all outstanding invoices due and payable immediately. Unless otherwise
provided by applicable law, Customer credits provided by TRIA will expire if
unused within twelve (12) months.

4. DELIVERY. Unless otherwise stated by TRIA in writing, all TRIA deliveries
from the European Union are CPT customer's delivery location, and all TRIA
deliveries from outside the European Union are FCA TRIA's warehouse or, for drop
shipments, FCA the manufacturer's warehouse (INCOTERMS 2020). TRIA's delivery
dates are estimates only and subject to TRIA's timely receipt of supplies. TRIA
shall not be responsible or liable for any costs, losses or damages arising out
of or related to: (i) any failure to deliver Products within the time prescribed
therefor; (ii) delay in delivery; (iii) partial delivery; or (iv) early
delivery. Customer shall accept Products notwithstanding delayed, partial or
early delivery. Customer may not cancel any other Orders based on delayed
delivery of any part of an Order.

5. TITLE. Title shall pass to Customer upon payment in full for the Product by
Customer. In case of an onwards sale, Customer assigns all rights in the related
receivables to TRIA until Customer has made payment in full. Once the Product is
processed or combined with other items (“Processed Product”), TRIA's retained
title transfers to a share in the title in the Processed Product reflecting the
value of the Product relative to the value of the Processed Product. This
section does not apply to sales of Software (as defined below) and services.

6. SOFTWARE. Software is the machine readable (object code) version of computer
programs (“Software”). Customer's use of Software and any related documentation
shall be governed by the license agreement applicable to the Software. Software
embedded in or bundled with hardware must be used solely with the hardware for
which it was intended and may not be transferred separately.

7. WARRANTY. All warranty claims shall be time-barred twenty-four (24) months
from the time of delivery of the non-conforming Product.

8. PRODUCT RETURN. (a) Customer may return Products to TRIA only with a return
material authorization (“RMA”) number issued by TRIA. (b) An RMA shall be issued
by TRIA subject to the following: (i) Returns for Visual Defect: TRIA Receipt of
written notice of any damage to outer packaging, damage to Products, shortage of
Products, or other discrepancy (“Visual Defect”) within three (3) business days
after receipt of the shipment; otherwise, Customer is deemed to have accepted
the Products; (ii) Returns for Product Warranty: TRIA receipt of written notice
stating the specific Product defect within the warranty period; (iii) the defect
notified under (i) or (ii) was caused solely by TRIA or the manufacturer of
components; (iv) the defect notified under (i) or (ii) is not damage, shortage,
or other discrepancy created by Customer, a carrier, a freight provider or any
third party; (v) Customer must return the Products to TRIA in compliance with
instructions in the RMA provided by TRIA; and (vi) TRIA's assessment of returned
Products confirms eligibility for return under this section. (c) TRIA may return
Products not eligible for return under this section to Customer on a freight
collect basis, or hold such Products for Customer's collection and account at
Customer's expense.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. In any action under or relating to this Agreement,
whether based in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence) or any other
legal theory, TRIA shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental,
punitive or consequential damages, including loss of profits, loss of revenue,
loss of data, loss of use, rework, repair, manufacturing expense, costs of
product recall, injury to reputation or loss of customers even if TRIA has been
advised of the possibility of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of
essential purpose of any remedy in this Agreement. In no event shall TRIA's
liability arising out of or in connection with this Agreement exceed the total
amount paid to TRIA for the specific Products at issue. To the extent TRIA
cannot lawfully disclaim any implied or statutory warranties, Customer's
statutory warranty rights are not affected by this limitation of liability.

10. FORCES BEYOND TRIA'S CONTROL. TRIA will not be in breach of this Agreement
and will not be liable for failure to fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement, if any such failure or delay is due to or arising out of any legal
theory of force majeure, an act of nature, act or omission of Customer, act of a
governmental authority, including laws, regulations, orders or decrees,
operational disruptions, man-made or natural disaster, epidemic, pandemic,
shortage of labor, energy, fuel, materials or Products, strike, labor action,
criminal act, war, terrorism, civil unrest, delay in delivery or transportation,
inability to obtain labor, materials or Products through regular sources,
communication or power failures, Act of God, or any cause beyond its reasonable
control.

11. USE OF PRODUCTS. Customer shall comply with the manufacturer's Product
specifications. Products are not authorized for use in life support systems,
human implantation, nuclear facilities or any other application where Product
failure could lead to loss of life or property damage. If Customer uses or sells
the Products for use in such applications or fails to comply with the
manufacturer's Product specifications, Customer acknowledges that such use,
sale, or non-compliance is at Customer's sole risk. Customer shall indemnify,
defend and hold TRIA harmless from any claims resulting from or arising out of:
(i) TRIA's compliance with Customer's designs, specifications, or instructions;
(ii) modification of any Product by a party other than TRIA; (iii) use of
Products in combination with other products; (iv) use of Products not authorized
as described above; or (v) use of Products and related technology in chemical,
biological or nuclear weapons, rocket systems (including ballistic missile
systems, space launch vehicles and sounding rockets) or unmanned air vehicles
capable of delivering same, or in the development of any weapons of mass
destruction.

12. EXPORT CONTROL. Certain Products and related technology (”Items”) sold by
TRIA are subject to export control regulations of the United States, the
European Union, Japan, and/or other countries, excluding boycott laws (“Export
Laws”). Customer shall comply with such Export Laws and obtain any license, or
permit or other approval required to transfer, export, re-export or import the
Items. Customer acknowledges that related technology consists of “Technical
Data” and “Technical Assistance”. Technical Data may be in the form of
blueprints, plans, diagrams, models, tables, engineering, design and
specifications, manuals and instructions written or recorded on media or devices
such as disk, tape, or read-only memories. Technical Assistance may be in the
form of instructions, skills training, working knowledge, or consulting
services. Customer shall not directly or indirectly export, re-export, or
transfer (or cause to be exported, re-exported or transferred) any Items to any
country, jurisdiction, individual, corporation, organization, or entity to which
such export, re-export, or transfer is restricted or prohibited by Export Laws,
including sanctions or embargoes administered by the United States Government,
the European Union, Japan or by any other applicable government authority.

13. ELECTRONIC ORDERS. If any part of the purchase and sale of Products,
including Customer's NCNR acknowledgment or demand forecast, uses EDI,
Customer's internal portal, third party portal or any other electronic means
(“Electronic Purchase Order”), this Agreement will continue to apply to the
purchase and sale of Products between Customer and TRIA. Customer's acceptance
of TRIA's acknowledgment request or TRIA's specification of details with respect
to Electronic Purchase Orders via writing, email or other EDI is binding on
Customer.

14. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE. Where applicable, Customer is responsible for all
obligations and liabilities under the European Union's (i) Waste Electrical and
Electronic Equipment Directive (2012/19/EU), (ii) Packaging Waste Directive
(94/62/EC) and (iii) Batteries Directive (2006/66/EC), all as amended and all
related national implementing measures in force from time to time.

15. GENERAL.

A. This Agreement shall be governed, construed, and enforced in accordance with
the laws of Germany (“Governing Country”) without reference to the conflict of
laws principles. The courts of the Governing Country shall have jurisdiction and
venue over all controversies arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement.
Each party consents to the exercise by any such court of personal jurisdiction
over them and each party waives any objection it might otherwise have to venue,
personal jurisdiction, inconvenience of forum, and any similar or related
doctrine. THE PROVISIONS OF THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE
INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS SHALL NOT APPLY TO THIS AGREEMENT.

B. Customer may not assign this Agreement or any right or obligation hereunder
without TRIA's prior written consent. TRIA's affiliates may perform TRIA's
obligations under this Agreement.

C. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The unenforceability
or invalidity of any term or condition will not affect the remainder of the
terms or conditions.

D. Products, including Software or other intellectual property, are subject to
any applicable rights of third parties, such as patents, copyrights and user
licenses, and Customer shall comply with such rights.

E. Customer shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations,
including, but not limited to anticorruption laws such as U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and local implementation legislation of the OECD
Anti-bribery Convention.

F. Customer shall collect, process, store, and transfer all personal data
provided by TRIA under this Agreement in strict accordance with applicable law
including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and
related regulations (“CCPA”) and EU data protection principles and requirements.
Customer shall use and store personal data solely for the purpose of
facilitating communication and collaboration and for purchasing Products from
TRIA under this Agreement and for no other purposes. Customer shall implement
and maintain security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the
personal data it collects, processes, stores, or transfers consistent with
industry best practices. If personal data of EU residents is being transferred
to countries outside the EU / EEA, Customer shall ensure by appropriate means
that such personal data continues to be handled and processed in accordance with
the data protection principles of purpose limitation and necessity; data
accuracy, data quality and proportionality; data security and confidentiality.
Rights of data subjects (access, rectification, deletion, and objection) must be
ensured. In addition, Customer shall reasonably assist TRIA to promptly comply
with inquiries it receives under applicable data protection laws. In the event
Customer discovers or is notified of a data breach involving personal data
provided by TRIA, Customer shall notify TRIA of the data breach as soon as
practicable, but no later than twenty-four (24) hours after Customer became
aware of the data breach. Customer shall take all actions necessary to contain
the data breach and provide TRIA with all reasonably necessary information on
the data breach and remedial actions. As required by the CCPA, Customer
certifies its understanding of the obligations and restrictions in this Section
and its compliance with such obligations and restrictions.

G. The parties agree that electronic signatures may be used for all purposes
under this Agreement and shall be legally valid, effective and enforceable for
all purposes hereunder.

H. Product information (for example, statements or advice (technical or
otherwise) advertisement content, and information related to a Product's
specifications, features, export/import control classifications, uses or
conformance with legal or other requirements) is provided by TRIA on an “AS IS”
basis and does not form a part of the properties of the Product. TRIA makes no
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the Product information,
and DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES UNDER ANY THEORY
WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT INFORMATION. TRIA recommends Customer validate any
Product Information before using or acting on such information. All Product
information is subject to change without notice. TRIA is not responsible for
typographical or other errors or omissions in Product information. TRIA
employees, representatives and/or agents have no authority to make any
representations regarding Products other than those specified in this Agreement
or a signed written amendment hereto. TRIA shall have no liability for any
representation or information that is not a part of this Agreement. 

17. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS. TRIA is a distributor of “Commercial Items” as defined
in FAR 2.101. TRIA does not intend to sell Products to the U.S. Government or a
higher-tier contractor that fail to meet the “commercial item” definition in FAR
2.101. Accordingly, TRIA agrees only to the clauses in the Federal Acquisition
Regulation (“FAR”) and agency FAR supplements (as applicable based on the U.S.
Government customer) that are explicitly required to be inserted in a
subcontract for commercial items, as set forth in FAR 52.244-6(c)(1) or an
agency FAR supplement. In accordance with FAR 12.211, Customer will receive only
those rights in technical data customarily provided to TRIA by the
manufacturers. By no means will this be interpreted as providing to Customer
unlimited rights in data, software, or intellectual property rights provided by
the manufacturers or any other third party. TRIA specifically rejects the flow
down of the requirements of the: (i) Trade Agreements Act, FAR 52.225-5 or DFARS
252.225-7021; and (ii) the Buy American Act, FAR 52.225-1 or DFARS 252.225-7001.
TRIA cannot comply with any Preference for Domestic Specialty Metals regulation
unless (A) there is an applicable exception or (B) the manufacturer represents
and warrants that the Products are compliant.